C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.deps.json
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.pdb
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.Views.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.Views.pdb
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Actors\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Actors\Delete.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Actors\Details.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Actors\Edit.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Actors\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmCertificates\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmCertificates\Delete.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmCertificates\Details.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmCertificates\Edit.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmCertificates\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmGeneres\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmGeneres\Delete.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmGeneres\Details.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmGeneres\Edit.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmGeneres\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmTitles\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmTitles\Delete.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmTitles\Details.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmTitles\Edit.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\FilmTitles\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Producers\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Producers\Delete.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Producers\Details.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Producers\Edit.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Producers\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\RoleTypes\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\RoleTypes\Delete.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\RoleTypes\Details.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\RoleTypes\Edit.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\RoleTypes\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.Views.pdb
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.pdb
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.csproj.CopyComplete
