C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.deps.json
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.pdb
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.Views.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.Views.pdb
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\HelloWorld\index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\HelloWorld\Welcome.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Movies\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Movies\Delete.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Movies\Details.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Movies\Edit.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Movies\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.Views.pdb
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.pdb
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\17.MvcMovie\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\17.MvcMovie.csproj.CopyComplete
