C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.deps.json
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.pdb
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.Views.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.Views.pdb
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Courses\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Courses\Delete.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Courses\Details.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Courses\Edit.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Courses\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Students\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Students\Delete.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Students\Details.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Students\Edit.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Students\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.Views.pdb
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.pdb
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.csproj.CopyComplete
