C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.deps.json
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.pdb
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.Views.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.Views.pdb
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.Views.pdb
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.pdb
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ContosoUniversity.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\appsettings.json
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Properties\launchSettings.json
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Courses\Create.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Courses\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Courses\Details.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Courses\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Courses\Index.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Index.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Instructors\Create.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Instructors\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Instructors\Details.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Instructors\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Instructors\Index.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Students\Create.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Students\Delete.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Students\Details.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Students\Edit.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Students\Index.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\ContosoUniversityv4\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.cshtml.g.cs
