C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.deps.json
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.pdb
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.Views.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.Views.pdb
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.Views.pdb
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.dll
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.pdb
C:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\dvdCollection.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\appsettings.json
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\bin\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Properties\launchSettings.json
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Index.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.cshtml.g.cs
c:\Users\PAREDES\Documents\Aplicaciones Avanzadas Web\dvdCollectionv1\obj\MCD\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.cshtml.g.cs
